This book came out in the mid-'90s.
I was the editor.
It blew open the whole question of Heidegger.
Can you spare this?
Yeah.
It's a great book.
It's based on their love letters.
Grab a couple of books from there.
When this book came out, everyone... Oh, so they were... They were intimate, physically.
Oh, so this wasn't just an intellectual project.
Well, see, everybody thought it was an intellectual project.
Elizabeth Young Bruhl, whose biography of Arendt we had also published, said it was just famous.
Yeah, it's famous.
It was really more of an intellectual companionship and so forth and so on.
And Ruttinger proves that it wasn't.
In fact, Heidegger had seduced Arendt.
She tried to perfume it.
And this has implications for her major book.
I've been interested in it.
And is it really just about what it's conveying?
It's going to be useful, though.
Yeah, yeah.
Excellent.
Yeah, so, I mean, there's some interesting, yeah, good stuff.
And, you know, so the fact that Yale was connected to this, it was connected to Pound, it was connected to ideas in the wide world, you know, it made it possible for us to... That could be a chapter title.
It made it possible for me to imagine, you know, coming up from the basement again.
Right.
Just to give you one last thing.
We published this.
I have a copy.
I have a review copy.
I reviewed it.
But this, you've never seen.
This, it has finally been translated into Russian.
Here, just hold on.
Presented at the Kremlin with Mikhail Gorbachev, the ambassador of Germany, the ambassador of France, and the ambassador of... Just touched.
it's uh and and and now uh i'm i'm trying to raise money for the russian publisher to distribute that to distribute copies of it to all the libraries in russia good all right excellent to be continued um
The Diary of Harnay Tchaikovsky.
C-H-U-K-O-V-S-K-Y.
Right.
C-K-O-R-N-E-I.
And Victor Ehrlich.
C-H.
Edited it, Michael Heim, translated it, and it's the revolution.
Wow.
He becomes a friend of Gorky, a friend of Ahmad, of Bob, of everybody.
He knew everybody.
And who was he?
He was a great writer.
And a children's writer.
He was a children's writer and a good translator.
When is this publishing?
Is this coming out?
It just came out.
It'll be published in the fall.
He was a protector.
His granddaughter showed me when I visited her in Moscow.
She showed me where he hid Gulag Archipelago Solzhenitsyn when the KGB came across for it.
He was the guy who helped.
And so even today, she and Solzhenitsyn are very intimate friends.
So this is how he did it.
He had a children's stage because he loved children's theater and children in general.
And he had a stage slide of his house for children to put on skits.
And when he knew the KGB was coming to search for the palado, he hid the documents under the stage.
made sure that he had children's performances going on all day long.
Wow.
He wrote a book about people who carried his manuscripts in the Soviet Union, but he didn't name some.
He didn't carry the manuscripts over, but he was certainly one of the great protectors.
Yeah, one of the great protectors.
That's fabulous.
It's a wonderful, wonderful, really important book stuff.
And it's one volume?
Well, in the Russian, it was two volumes, each of which was over a thousand pages.
So one of the things... That's a little splash.
I hope so.
I think it will, yeah.
And what category does that fall into?
The various categories you're talking about.
Literature.
But when you talk about... Oh, for me?
For the scheme of the press.
This is sort of... I'm hoping that we can sell 2,000 copies of this, maybe 40 months.
all of the major libraries.
Yeah, exactly.
Well, I know it's going to be reviewed.
We already know that it's going to be reviewed.
There's a, he was a tremendous guy.
By the end of his life, his works had been translated into all languages.
In fact, there's a room in the New York, really a great man.
No kidding.
And so he got a doctorate from the university.
My granddaughter shows me all this stuff, his kimono and his samurai sword, doll and things.
It's a great
character.
Anyway, he goes there, and he's surrounded by journalists.
And, of course, you know, he's interviewed.
And the journalist says to him, Professor Tchaikovsky, your words have been translated into all the languages.
Which do you like the most?
And to me, oh, everybody is so happy.
The Japanese is the best.
And Tchaikovsky says, because it's the only
That's great.